One thing that resonated with me was the person who said he hadn't been asked previously to think about his own strengths, only his weaknesses. On some level, I think we all know that every individual has many things to offer, but at the same time it's easier for us to see things that we have that others don't rather than what they might have that would complement us. Before Turing, I have mainly thought of implicit bias as it relates to gender and examined my feelings toward and interactions with my male and female colleagues based on the preconceptions I might have about them because of their gender. For the future, I hope to build software that is accessible to everyone, so it was really striking to hear in the video that my ideas about who the user will be are wrong. The better I can understand my biases, the more people my products will be able to reach.

On a daily basis, I am thinking about the ways that my identity as a woman shapes the way that I have been conditioned to interact with others and how they've been conditioned to see me. I'm often thinking specifically about my voice, trying to be aware when I'm unnecessarily quick to defer or when others are unnecessarily quick to dismiss me. Knowing that I am not always expressing myself as fully as I could be and that others are not always hearing me has helped me develop my skills as a listener. I'm good at finding clarifying questions, understanding the full context of where other people are coming from, and showing that I'm hearing them. Listening skills are key in any collaborative setting and will certainly make me a better teammate at Turing. In terms of valuing others, I can be aware of how their identities might be shaping my understanding of them and focus on the strengths they have that may be different from my own. 
